Remove chrono backend from spinoso-time (#2166)
artichoke/artichoke: spinoso-time/README.md

```toml
[dependencies]
spinoso-time = { version = "0.7.0", features = ["tzrs"] }
```

## Examples

Assuming feature `tzrs` is selected:

```rust
use spinoso_time::tzrs::Time;
// Get a local time set to the current time.
let now = Time::now().unwrap();
// Convert the local time to UTC.
let utc = now.to_utc().unwrap();
assert!(utc.is_utc());
// Extract the Unix timestamp.
let timestamp = utc.to_int();
```

## Crate features

> This crate supports several backends which are independent of each other. The
> availability of different backends is controlled by Cargo features, all of which
> are enabled by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate can support several backends, which are designed to be independent
of each other. The availability of different backends is controlled by Cargo
features, all of which are enabled by default:
```

Author: done locally
